This file USEME_GUI contains how to operate the GUI of the application. If you want to use the application in text based mode, please refer to USEME.txt file

When the user runs the program, the program opens and the UI can be seen by the user.(A screenshot showing the UI can be found in the 'res' folder)\

If the user presses the load button, he/she gets the option to select which image to be loaded. After image has been loaded successfully, a popup showing that the image has been loaded successfully is thrown to the user

If the user presses the save button, he/she gets the option to enter the name of the image and where he/she wants to save the image. After image has been saved successfully, a popup showing that the image has been saved successfully is thrown to the user.

After loading the image:
Previewing the image: 
If the user wants to perform any operation, he/she can select the operation from the drop down menu and select it. If the user wants to preview the operation, he/she can check the tick box next to the Apply button and then press the Apply button. 
If preview is not supported, the operation directly gets performed on the image, a popup is thrown to the user indicating the operation has been performed and then user has the option to Cancel or Confirm said operation. Histogram gets displayed for the operated image and reverts to that of the original image when the Cancel operation is selected. 
If preview functionality is supported for the given operation, the user gets a popup saying that the operation has been performed on the image and the user can move the slider to preview the operated image alongside the original image. The histogram displayed changes alongside the image as the preview slider is dragged. 

All operations and the flow of the execution:
Functions supporting preview:
1)Blur: The popup thrown says "Blur function has been executed" with an Ok button that closes the popup on being pressed. Then the slider for preview functionality is activated. Drag the slider to preview the operation.
2)Sepia: The popup thrown says "Sepia function has been executed" with an Ok button that closes the popup on being pressed. Then the slider for preview functionality is activated. Drag the slider to preview the operation.
3)Luma: The popup thrown says "Luma function has been executed" with an Ok button that closes the popup on being pressed. Then the slider for preview functionality is activated. Drag the slider to preview the operation.
4)Value: The popup thrown says "Value function has been executed" with an Ok button that closes the popup on being pressed. Then the slider for preview functionality is activated. Drag the slider to preview the operation.
5)Intensity: The popup thrown says "Intensity function has been executed" with an Ok button that closes the popup on being pressed. Then the slider for preview functionality is activated. Drag the slider to preview the operation.
6)Sharpen: The popup thrown says "Sharpen function has been executed" with an Ok button that closes the popup on being pressed. Then the slider for preview functionality is activated. Drag the slider to preview the operation.
7)Color-Correct: The popup thrown says "Color correct function has been executed" with an Ok button that closes the popup on being pressed. Then the slider for preview functionality is activated. Drag the slider to preview the operation.
8)Levels-Adjust: 3 popups are thrown one after the other, each asking for values for Black, Mid and White respectively. Then a popup is thrown which says "Levels adjust function has been executed" with an Ok button that closes the popup on being pressed. Then the slider for preview functionality is activated. Drag the slider to preview the operation.
9)Brighten: A popup is thrown asking for value by which the image is to be dimmed or brightened. Then a popup is thrown which says "Brighten function has been executed" with an Ok button that closes the popup on being pressed. Slider for preview stays deactivated and operation directly gets performed on the image.
10)Compress: A popup is thrown asking for percentage by which the image is to be compressed. Then a popup is thrown which says "Compression has been executed" with an Ok button that closes the popup on being pressed. Slider for preview stays deactivated and operation directly gets performed on the image.
11)Horizontal-Flip: The popup thrown says "Horizontal flip has been executed" with an Ok button that closes the popup on being pressed. Slider for preview stays deactivated and operation directly gets performed on the image.
12)Vertical-Flip: The popup thrown says "Vertical flip has been executed" with an Ok button that closes the popup on being pressed. Slider for preview stays deactivated and operation directly gets performed on the image.
13)Red: The popup thrown says "Red component has been executed" with an Ok button that closes the popup on being pressed. Slider for preview stays deactivated and operation directly gets performed on the image.
14)Green: The popup thrown says "Green component has been executed" with an Ok button that closes the popup on being pressed. Slider for preview stays deactivated and operation directly gets performed on the image.
15)Blue: The popup thrown says "Blue component has been executed" with an Ok button that closes the popup on being pressed. Slider for preview stays deactivated and operation directly gets performed on the image.

16)--Select--: This is the default operation shown for the dropdown when the gui boots up. Any attempt to select this operation gives a popup saying "Please select a valid option" that closes on pressing the Ok button of the popup.

If an operation is already underway when another operation is selected without confirming or cancelling the previous operation, a popup is thrown stating "Operation still underway. Please CONFIRM or CANCEL!" and keeps getting thrown for as long as the user doesn't do one of the 2.

On pressing cancel, a popup is thrown stating "Execution has been cancelled!" which goes away on clicking the Ok button of the popup.
On pressing confirm, a popup is thrown stating "Execution has been confirmed!" which goes away on clicking the Ok button of the popup. 